# Menu JSON Explanation

This document describes the structure and purpose of the `menu.json` configuration file, which defines the application's menu structure.

## JSON Structure

```json
[
  {
    "label": "Menu 1",
    "url": "/path/subpath",
    "attrs": {
        "class":"bg-primary",
    },
    "target": "blank",
    "children": [
      {
        "label": "SubMenu 1",
        "url": "/path/subpath"
      },
      {
        "label": "SubMenu 2",
        "url": "/path/subpath",
        "children": []
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "label": "Menu 2",
    "url": [
      "module",
      "function"
    ]
  },
  {
    "label": [
      "module",
      "function"
    ],
    "url": "/path/subpath"
  },
  [
    "module",
    "function"
  ]
]
```

## Key Descriptions

The JSON represents an array of menu items. Each menu item can be an object or an array.

- **Array Menu Items**:
  - An list containing a module and function, indicating a dynamically generated menu item. This is equivalent to an object with `label` and `url` as an array of module and function, and all others keys with their default value.
- **Object Menu Items**:
  - `label`: A string representing the menu item's display text. Alternatively, it can be an array containing a module and function, indicating a dynamically generated label.
  - `url`: A string representing the URL for the menu item. Alternatively, it can be an array containing a module and function, indicating a dynamically generated URL.
  - `atrs`: (Optional) A dict with any html attributes of a div tag.
  - `target`: (Optional) A string specifying the target window or frame for the URL (e.g., "blank").
  - `children`: (Optional) An array of sub-menu items, each having the same structure as the parent menu items.

## Menu Item Examples

- **Menu with Sub-Menus**:

  ```json
  {
    "label": "Menu 1",
    "url": "/path/subpath",
    "target": "blank",
    "children": [
      {
        "label": "SubMenu 1",
        "url": "/path/subpath"
      },
      {
        "label": "SubMenu 2",
        "url": "/path/subpath",
        "children": []
      }
    ]
  }
  ```
  
  This example represents a menu item labeled "Menu 1" that opens "/path/subpath" in a new tab/window and has two sub-menu items.

- **Menu with Dynamic URL**:

  ```json
  {
    "label": "Menu 2",
    "url": [
      "module",
      "function"
    ]
  }
  ```

  This example represents a menu item labeled "Menu 2" whose URL is dynamically generated by the "function" function in the "module" module.

- **Menu with Dynamic Label**:

  ```json
  {
    "label": [
      "module",
      "function"
    ],
    "url": "/path/subpath"
  }
  ```

  This example represents a menu item whose label is dynamically generated.

- **Menu Item as Array**:

  ```json
  [
      "module",
      "function"
  ]
  ```
  This example represents a menu item whose label and url are dynamically generated.

## Usage

This configuration file should be used to define the application's navigation menu. It supports static URLs and dynamically generated URLs and labels, as well as nested sub-menus.
